---
createdAt: 2022-08-26T19:18:54.730Z
category: issue-2
searchwords: false
title: Lajama’s SYN-opsis Corner
description: A recap of the past two weeks of Syntribos Saturday spaces
---
Every Saturday (Sunday AEST time) the Quirkies founder, Syntribos, hosts an official space to update the community on potential new knowledge and answer a limited number of questions from the community. Here’s a recap of the last two spaces:

**Saturday, August 13** - Quirkling merch will officially launch within 3 weeks! There are sneak peeks coming soon! The last of the skateboards from the OG First Edition orders have all been shipped! Syn and the team are working hard on getting the Quirkling merch out and continuing to develop meaningful relationships with partners but they are also having internal meetings to take action on a couple of key aspects within Quirkies including gamification of Quirksville! The 1st edition was a one-time release. There will be new OG apparel in the future. 1st Edition Quirklings is also a one-time release. The 1st Edition tag is important to maintain value for original holders.  The priority regarding workflow is on building the web2 brand. Mathematically speaking, there is still at least one 1/1 claimable. Holders must claim prior to 1 week before Quirklings merch. There are 2 things the team is working on to monetize IP. IP will be used to reward higher-tier holders via monetization. Also, creating an incentive for our web2 following to dive into web3 via exclusivity for holders! 

**Saturday, August 20** - Syn started off by talking about how founders are starting to take personal mental health time which can be displeasing to the holders/community as the founders need to keep going to show their community “we are here” and "we are strong". Syn continues by saying, "it is a very tough market right now but it’s nothing we aren’t going to get through. No, things aren’t rosy right now but it gives strong projects time and opportunity to build." Syn believes corporations are looking to time the market as they, along with Quirkies, desire to build and grow new and pre-existing relationships. Syn assures holders that the team will deliver in the medium term. Mass marketing is a primary focus that is on par with the web2 launch. Building out Quirkies' social media (TikTok and Instagram) presence, along with the presence of crypto and NFTs, is important because when 'launch' time comes, we are off to the races. Syn sees it inevitable for surviving projects to have a presence in the metaverse. Yes, Quirksville will have a presence in the metaverse. 1st Edition Quirkling merch is coming very soon. There will not be any Squid merch in the 1st Edition Quirkling drop.