---
createdAt: 2022-10-10T06:32:17.867Z
category: issue-5
searchwords: false
title: "Meet the Quirkies Team: Jack"
---
The infamous JACKnFT has been a vital part of the communication on the Quirkies discord server and his server rank shows it. Originally from the “grinding” era of discord, Jack came in hot on the Quirkies server as an early comer to the project - stamping his footprint and making himself known. To this day, he still holds the #1 spot! Not much can get by Jack. Every person that comes through the server, every screen name that says a word in the chats, you can guarantee Jack will be there to greet them and answer any question or concern they may have regarding Quirkies. His customer service skills are notably top notch and isn’t one to forget a face - or name for that matter! But have you ever wondered how in the world Jack stores all of that information in his head? How does he recognize hundreds and thousands of server names that come through on a daily basis? To answer that, we’ll need to dive deep into his IRL background. Understanding what Jack does for a living is the key to understanding why his customer service skills are above par and how that relates to being a phenomenal moderator in the server. 

**Black Taxi Service, London’s “Gold Standard”**

Jack drives the Black Taxi in and out of the streets of London daily. This isn’t just any old black colored taxi cab but one that requires an immense amount of time spent studying and testing that equals to almost a 4-year university degree! The Knowledge test requires a prospective black taxi driver to undergo a tedious amount of studying; a total of 25,000 streets in London and thousands of places of interest. This process takes years to learn and varies depending on the mental capacity of the individual testing and how they are able to absorb and withhold the information. To gain his status, Jack took 22 exams over the course of 18 months - equaling a solid 3.5 years from the beginning of the process until he passed. 

Twitter served as Jack’s entry point into NFTs: Jack is always looking to make money and was following Money Twitter when NFTs began making their way mainstream. He knew he needed to start investing (he had already dabbled quite a bit into crypto but didn’t even know what a Metamask wallet was at the time) but didn’t know where. Lazy Lions NFT came across his lap at 0.07eth and - like many we’ve seen thus far - the idea of spending that much money on a JPEG was atrocious at the time. These stories make great “If I had known then, what I know now” stories to tell our grandkids in the future. Jack chose to mint another project which led him to meet Signline, Sleapy and Tieum in the voice chat of that discord server and a monumental circle of friendship was established. From there, the group would go on to work with Syntribos throughout Web3 and that led to Jack’s involvement with the Quirkies. 

Currently holding the title of Lead Community Manager, Jack continues to make an impact on the relationships with members of the community. He loves the standard that he has set in the server and continues to uphold the ability to greet each person that comes through, answer any and all questions to the best of his knowledge and refer to the next person or resource when needed. Jack does his due diligence to ensure that everyone is given a fair evaluation when claims are made and investigates when called upon. This method of customer service has set the positive vibes in Quirksville and although his “Above and Beyond” mentality can seem over the top, he enjoys giving that experience to everyone. Thank you, Jack!