---
createdAt: 2022-08-02T06:37:48.065Z
title: "Fan art spotlight: Kentasi and the Quirkie Junk Bot of Doom"
description: "A spotlight on a amazing piece of Quirkie fan art by the legendary
  digital artist Kentasi "
---
The piece I picked for the first fan art spotlight in the Quirkie Times is one that Kentasi did of Doom's incredible 1/1 Junk Bot Quirkie. This piece brought together 2 of the most legendary Quirksville members, Kentasi and Doom. I selected this piece because I wanted to showcase the amazing vibe in Quirksville and to show some love to a couple OGs in our community. As many of us know these fellas get on like a House fire and it's always a pleasure to watch it burn. The bantering back and forth in spaces. The endless laughs and  Inside jokes that only OG quirks remember. This is what it feels like to be in such a special inclusive community like Quirksville and these fellas have been around for it all. 

There are many amazing artists in Quirksville but you will be hard pressed to find one more well known in this community than the legendary Kentasi. I was grateful to be able to catch up on a call with Kentasi and get a little insight as to what drives his inspiration and love for our great community. Kentasi and I talked about what first got him interested in Quirksville. He explained to me that he had seen a friend of his change his PFP to a Skeleton 1/1 Quirkie NFT and Kentasi decided to make his own derivative of it and give to his friend as a gift. That first piece of Quirkie fan art was posted and received a massive out pouring of love from the community and got over 200 likes on that post! Kentasi explained to me how he was inspired by the Quirkies artist Finch One and his use of the emotional expressions that the quirkies display in the collection. Kentasi seemed to really be inspired by the emotion that the quirkies have and wanted to use that as inspiration for his own work. He wanted to create and capture emotions with his art.  This seems to be something Kentasi is very focused on when he creates and is also very inspred by. Kentasi truly loves the people he has met and the relationships he has built with in the quirkies ecosystem and uses those relationships as inspiration for his art. He told me that sometimes the art has a special meaning because of his relationship with the person he creates for. I know that is the case with this piece he did for Doom of his 1/1 Quirkie Junk Bot.  

 Kentasi and Doom are well know for their hilarious attitudes in spaces and the way they banter back and forth. in the early quirkie spaces Kentasi was joking with Doom about how Dooms wife was always in the background sound in spaces. kentasi is working on his english so his joke came out in a way that was really funny and basically said that Dooms wife was the one who wore the pants in the relationship. This joke is forever memorialized in the piece he did for doom. Kentasi said he really wanted to highlight  the Junk Bots robotic qualities and really define .  He also wanted to incorporate that inside joke that he had made in spaces with Doom into The piece. The way he achieved that was by including Dooms Finch Skull Quirk flying around in the airplane in the top left corner in the piece. Kentasi explained to me that the idea behind that is that the Quirkie in the plane represents Dooms wife and she is, from a far, controlling the Junk Bot who represents Doom. This was a perfect example of Kentasi using his art to evoke emotions and capture the feeling of a new friendship being built in this community. The hilarious joke and beginning of their friendship was now in a digital art piece that Doom could hold onto forever.